it is not impossible that jonathan despite
he has not played they had taken the
gold cup for example only to see
how did we see that everyone on the campus
had had minutes that does follow in
that participation more with hector no no
we have seen him taken to two
friendly I think at some point no
we have seen it presumes to be a cut of
midfielder who is not here because he is
a containment in theory much more
modern with more output with more control
of ball with more field vision
keeping all the distances
obviously more the conditions that
has the barcelona and that represents
you look for perfection that's what
it is presumed of jonathan but if you do not see it
as you will call it if also compared
to thiago alcantara for example that is
the generation of the reach will now take
the rescission clause the bayern munich
and I pay you what it costs 25 thousand 20
million dollars were clausus and
I lost euros thiago played a lot more
as not good thiago is the owner of
the sub 21 selection of Spain but that
I mean, they were both
emerging talents of barcelona the
that they were going to replace Busquets Xavi and
you already saw the difference
and surely went to the real society
borrowed by anything and then
how one takes off
football is that way there are players that
they have another level because you are normal
this what they called in the beginning of
Peter the level of incompetence is not
on one level is very competent to the best
in youth and you get to the first
vision and you do not give and why it does not give if it was
terrific this player reached his level
of incompetence and that happens to us
Humans
you're right in everything you say hector
I think it 's plugs him
the sore finger in the case of
parents while they speak to him with the truth
your children and locate them will always be
welcome if you want to live at the expense of
son or if you allow him to do everything to the son
or if what the child does, everything is fine
done there relationships do not work
usaid is that in the case of 'chicharito'
I believe that the father has handled it to the
perfection knows how to behave now
informatively the structure that
they have football all
have a potential in the case of
Jonathan two saints without comparing it with
those who are right now with xavi
buscats with iniesta with none of
them but if you have that training from the
Typical contentions of the farmhouse this
type of containment is with a lot of output
now he has to prove it in the
competition I think they are ordered
disciplined and work are going to make a
great career in europe